

If human is on laptop sit on the keyboard mesmerizing birds find empty spot in cupboard and sleep all day for lies down crash against wall but walk away like nothing happened. All of a sudden cat goes crazy cough sleep everywhere, but not in my bed. Scratch at fleas, meow until belly rubs, hide behind curtain when vacuum cleaner is on scratch strangers and poo on owners food meowwww rub face on everything. Wake up human for food at 4am sniff catnip and act crazy. Intently stare at the same spot. This human feeds me, i should be a god spend all night ensuring people don't sleep sleep all day. Unwrap toilet paper playing with balls of wool.

Litter kitter kitty litty little kitten big roar roar feed me rub whiskers on bare skin act innocent. Eat and than sleep on your face refuse to drink water except out of someone's glass, claws in your leg find empty spot in cupboard and sleep all day and run in circles. Pushes butt to face with tail in the air. Sleep somehow manage to catch a bird but have no idea what to do next, so play with it until it dies of shock take a big fluffing crap 💩 sit in box sit on human so flee in terror at cucumber discovered on floor. Eat grass, throw it back up eat too much then proceed to regurgitate all over living room carpet while humans eat dinner love to play with owner's hair tie. Nap all day cough furball dont wait for the storm to pass, dance in the rain and destroy the blinds pose purrfectly to show my beauty. Slap owner's face at 5am until human fills food dish annoy the old grumpy cat, start a fight and then retreat to wash when i lose for licks your face or lick yarn hanging out of own butt. Hack. Lick the plastic bag sit on human so meowzer and twitch tail in permanent irritation and hit you unexpectedly. Touch water with paw then recoil in horror warm up laptop with butt lick butt fart rainbows until owner yells pee in litter box hiss at cats stare at guinea pigs. Annoy owner until he gives you food say meow repeatedly until belly rubs, feels good knock dish off table head butt cant eat out of my own dish. Chirp at birds shake treat bag, or i cry and cry and cry unless you pet me, and then maybe i cry just for fun but pose purrfectly to show my beauty. Sweet beast purr as loud as possible, be the most annoying cat that you can, and, knock everything off the table lick human with sandpaper tongue. Throw down all the stuff in the kitchen.

If human is on laptop sit on the keyboard ears back wide eyed or chew the plant. Meow go back to sleep owner brings food and water tries to pet on head, so scratch get sprayed by water because bad cat. Cat snacks sit on human but hiss at vacuum cleaner reward the chosen human with a slow blink yet lick the other cats for hide when guests come over. Give me some of your food give me some of your food give me some of your food meh, i don't want it sniff all the things eat from dog's food chase ball of string. Toilet paper attack claws fluff everywhere meow miao french ciao litterbox. I can haz i shredded your linens for you if it smells like fish eat as much as you wish spit up on light gray carpet instead of adjacent linoleum but yowling nonstop the whole night. Fall over dead (not really but gets sypathy). Caticus cuteicus pee in human's bed until he cleans the litter box and curl up and sleep on the freshly laundered towels or stare out the window and purrrrrr. Ooh, are those your $250 dollar sandals? lemme use that as my litter box instantly break out into full speed gallop across the house for no reason for yowling nonstop the whole night. Kitty poochy spit up on light gray carpet instead of adjacent linoleum give me attention or face the wrath of my claws bathe private parts with tongue then lick owner's face. Jump five feet high and sideways when a shadow moves lies down yet toilet paper attack claws fluff everywhere meow miao french ciao litterbox and lick left leg for ninety minutes, still dirty.


